\chapter{List of 1000 stems with highest IDF values}\label{1000_stems}

\begin{longtable}{p{2.5cm}p{2.5cm}p{2.5cm}p{2.5cm}p{2.5cm}}
graffiti&ring&harrow&colour&mother\\ \hline 
food&tragedi&veteran&bay&leg\\ \hline 
tuozzolo&church&design&termin&vote\\ \hline 
mornington&psos&brief&babi&race\\ \hline 
pull&trade&post&coordin&class\\ \hline 
extra&complaint&ps&came&worth\\ \hline 
teamwork&adult&civilian&notic&collaps\\ \hline 
brown&greatest&terenc&count&medic\\ \hline 
plenti&akay&one&citizen&noth\\ \hline 
strand&page&alcohol&true&thief\\ \hline 
encourag&foxnew&yrs&product&chanc\\ \hline 
tunnel&pride&ali&green&woolwich\\ \hline 
town&mpsonthestreet&fraudster&chase&african\\ \hline 
vicpol&ashton&creek&hume&dandenong\\ \hline 
limit&kmh&amaz&american&felon\\ \hline 
confirm&intellig&newli&spent&saw\\ \hline 
wait&entir&hold&mourn&loss\\ \hline 
pay&beauti&presid&southern&blvd\\ \hline 
equip&record&agenc&hundr&ann\\ \hline 
real&peac&protector&shirt&countri\\ \hline 
borough&test&bicyclist&main&foot\\ \hline 
opportun&ullah&visitor&late&modern\\ \hline 
frequent&feet&backpack&websit&cab\\ \hline 
happen&cours&steal&weve&talktom\\ \hline 
intel&miller&familia&balloon&base\\ \hline 
pursuit&whereabout&mope&syria&georg\\ \hline 
mill&southwark&magistr&surround&height\\ \hline 
ballarat&motor&hitrun&melton&enrout\\ \hline 
fbi&sincer&iraq&fidelisadmortem&enter\\ \hline 
luck&listen&abc&recogn&rais\\ \hline 
spoke&awar&approx&handgun&storm\\ \hline 
warn&power&firefight&prioriti&brighton\\ \hline 
small&especi&pass&america&explain\\ \hline 
preliminari&treat&staff&pant&remov\\ \hline 
hair&agent&trust&welfar&ever\\ \hline 
extend&bombcyclon&extrem&entri&tragic\\ \hline 
santa&navi&aircraft&trooper&word\\ \hline 
outstand&rockcenterxma&passeng&maci&kensington\\ \hline 
brent&barnet&raid&bark&daesh\\ \hline 
hounslow&war&club&cressida&jackson\\ \hline 
taskforc&down&leak&must&univers\\ \hline 
period&werribe&air&stole&caution\\ \hline 
suburb&ballard&thousand&apart&forcibl\\ \hline 
led&vigil&said&crowd&histori\\ \hline 
headquart&load&resourc&grand&broadway\\ \hline 
credit&fraud&neighbor&crimin&materi\\ \hline 
suffer&counti&thing&within&inspector\\ \hline 
approxim&answer&usarmi&catch&matter\\ \hline 
christoph&toward&human&technolog&there\\ \hline 
offici&advic&author&begin&congrat\\ \hline 
merri&hudson&particip&challeng&deceas\\ \hline 
haringey&keen&thiev&offend&plead\\ \hline 
speed&boat&kilda&impound&capitol\\ \hline 
resolutesupport&past&byrn&account&order\\ \hline 
win&spend&case&excel&smile\\ \hline 
firework&stand&execut&traffick&social\\ \hline 
risk&william&jacket&birthday&target\\ \hline 
role&global&pic&behaviour&brave\\ \hline 
intern&fail&lake&ne&militari\\ \hline 
condit&date&beyond&direct&hq\\ \hline 
reduct&spread&vow&minut&reunit\\ \hline 
feel&mcdonald&bodi&nov&alon\\ \hline 
play&mark&turn&motorist&delay\\ \hline 
twitter&dark&river&owner&portauthor\\ \hline 
feder&mind&sister&convict&recognis\\ \hline 
stopknifecrim&dick&tram&sunshin&display\\ \hline 
engag&gather&sleep&brother&packag\\ \hline 
touch&safer&battl&heart&cheer\\ \hline 
initi&colleagu&game&alert&camera\\ \hline 
done&cross&monahan&got&finest\\ \hline 
donat&approach&daniel&king&lambeth\\ \hline 
onthisday&third&sw&hrs&ft\\ \hline 
sweep&gas&hispan&appreci&here\\ \hline 
domest&center&mean&sad&parti\\ \hline 
transit&item&much&partnership&question\\ \hline 
littl&mr&fellow&elder&david\\ \hline 
remind&import&crisi&messag&po\\ \hline 
everyday&away&maleblack&major&track\\ \hline 
warm&behind&lot&statement&mount\\ \hline 
highway&enfield&ilford&mobil&islington\\ \hline 
burglar&set&lifethreaten&flinder&afghanistan\\ \hline 
bank&leader&card&end&drop\\ \hline 
whether&gang&recoveri&cash&put\\ \hline 
histor&wound&tri&differ&canin\\ \hline 
roll&deploy&award&site&fox\\ \hline 
tell&facebook&andrew&flyover&increas\\ \hline 
motorcycl&croydon&whilst&greenwich&van\\ \hline 
stream&cbd&blk&rainier&seaneighborhood\\ \hline 
nd&kid&reward&abus&winter\\ \hline 
threaten&academi&downtown&sergeant&age\\ \hline 
low&cold&hall&personnel&steven\\ \hline 
dementia&retir&nyer&happynewyear&festiv\\ \hline 
gift&caus&port&helicopt&footag\\ \hline 
sought&walkthemet&aurora&defeatdaesh&relationship\\ \hline 
transport&sign&tune&squar&lower\\ \hline 
sever&properti&statenisland&present&prevent\\ \hline 
uniform&youth&second&forward&rob\\ \hline 
australia&offer&your&counter&beach\\ \hline 
camden&nb&keepyourcool&exampl&deliv\\ \hline 
terrorist&safest&along&eye&spot\\ \hline 
snow&attend&prison&counterterror&host\\ \hline 
white&rd&effect&million&forget\\ \hline 
proud&det&central&long&jame\\ \hline 
known&newham&cctv&stopper&hmc\\ \hline 
front&hand&ride&leav&better\\ \hline 
annual&recruit&weather&hit&receiv\\ \hline 
paul&think&clear&midtown&phone\\ \hline 
develop&reopen&coalit&westminst&violent\\ \hline 
hackney&summer&aggrav&altern&address\\ \hline 
student&hear&recent&danger&possess\\ \hline 
drink&welcom&rape&precinct&point\\ \hline 
hour&someon&other&visionzero&chang\\ \hline 
fli&pc&caught&sb&seattlefir\\ \hline 
lbs&ceremoni&send&seek&dog\\ \hline 
walk&seiz&abl&water&photo\\ \hline 
program&presenc&control&tree&outsid\\ \hline 
could&deal&effort&parad&tackl\\ \hline 
carmenbest&readi&child&group&vicin\\ \hline 
care&prepar&commit&latest&retweet\\ \hline 
season&soon&avenu&later&big\\ \hline 
law&money&love&bus&concern\\ \hline 
open&avoid&threat&ongo&monitor\\ \hline 
occur&district&carri&talk&quick\\ \hline 
blue&never&return&lead&bike\\ \hline 
struck&suspici&fun&run&rescu\\ \hline 
overnight&advis&let&next&possibl\\ \hline 
dont&action&ask&onlin&link\\ \hline 
centr&moment&store&graduat&right\\ \hline 
john&affect&urg&imag&individu\\ \hline 
happeningsoon&give&custodi&condol&full\\ \hline 
advisori&took&yo&senior&anoth\\ \hline 
stori&young&truck&rout&constabl\\ \hline 
tomorrow&high&school&hard&show\\ \hline 
would&short&bridg&critic&sacrific\\ \hline 
bomb&learn&dec&face&sgt\\ \hline 
becom&knife&special&sentenc&activ\\ \hline 
trace&subway&fallen&children&lost\\ \hline 
boy&busi&discuss&via&promot\\ \hline 
eve&appear&lane&violenc&still\\ \hline 
save&state&hous&larg&closur\\ \hline 
court&seri&feb&due&nycsaf\\ \hline 
guilti&weapon&first&announc&relat\\ \hline 
conduct&memori&act&left&enforc\\ \hline 
taken&result&fdni&forc&remain\\ \hline 
launch&ensur&deputi&believ&video\\ \hline 
ahead&sure&best&place&current\\ \hline 
spd&warrant&pedestrian&travel&thanksgiv\\ \hline 
macysparad&ago&old&girl&explos\\ \hline 
isi&multipl&icymi&depart&light\\ \hline 
provid&teen&confer&resid&check\\ \hline 
hero&bring&job&femal&identifi\\ \hline 
firearm&addit&crash&dedic&involv\\ \hline 
togeth&east&wish&world&anyon\\ \hline 
shop&serv&wear&expect&throughout\\ \hline 
back&head&nycmayor&number&hill\\ \hline 
attempt&issu&contact&releas&sexual\\ \hline 
friend&stay&sinc&christma&block\\ \hline 
duti&happeningnow&partner&start&south\\ \hline 
alway&york&regard&jan&hope\\ \hline 
offenc&line&meet&yorker&emerg\\ \hline 
nation&build&name&theft&fight\\ \hline 
prayer&media&squad&celebr&everi\\ \hline 
even&across&afternoon&serious&hospit\\ \hline 
command&also&thought&homicid&west\\ \hline 
drug&death&newyearsev&patrol&stolen\\ \hline 
go&around&visit&avail&station\\ \hline 
secur&ny&like&week&holiday\\ \hline 
oper&read&injur&recov&earli\\ \hline 
neighborhood&earlier&injuri&come&north\\ \hline 
congratul&includ&someth&teenag&id\\ \hline 
weekend&know&met&insid&mani\\ \hline 
way&speak&alleg&event&need\\ \hline 
life&connect&close&plan&driver\\ \hline 
respond&queen&terror&part&drive\\ \hline 
search&support&happi&scene&fire\\ \hline 
black&person&illeg&stab&train\\ \hline 
arm&die&burglari&honor&attack\\ \hline 
month&home&local&respons&enjoy\\ \hline 
tonight&report&traffic&stop&commission\\ \hline 
say&team&safeti&shot&made\\ \hline 
rememb&cop&protect&vehicl&wit\\ \hline 
gun&everyon&good&look&jail\\ \hline 
member&chief&unit&fatal&kill\\ \hline 
watch&use&found&servic&women\\ \hline 
near&park&th&find&make\\ \hline 
night&time&join&yesterday&seen\\ \hline 
car&victim&shoot&road&continu\\ \hline 
live&ave&take&get&assault\\ \hline 
famili&area&news&male&detail\\ \hline 
robberi&citi&well&suspect&incid\\ \hline 
pleas&collis&pm&men&neverforget\\ \hline 
peopl&woman&day&charg&st\\ \hline 
communiti&murder&updat&see&street\\ \hline 
public&tip&assist&want&info\\ \hline 
morn&call&work&crime&yearold\\ \hline 
great&new&last&inform&locat\\ \hline 
share&keep&pct&us&thank\\ \hline 
miss&year&appeal&arrest&detect\\ \hline 
today&follow&safe&investig&help\\ \hline 
amp&man&offic&rt&polic\\ \hline 
\end{longtable}
